# irmc-redfish_bios (Resource)

The resource is used to control (read, modify or import) BIOS settings on Fujitsu server equipped with iRMC controller.


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Map of String) Map of BIOS attributes.
- `system_reset_type` (String) Control how system will be reset to finish BIOS settings change (if host is powered on).

### Optional

- `job_timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds for BIOS settings change to finish.
- `server` (Block List) List of server BMCs and their respective user credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of BIOS settings resource on iRMC.

<a id="nestedblock--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Server BMC IP address or hostname
- `password` (String, Sensitive) User password for login
- `username` (String) User name for login

Optional:

- `ssl_insecure` (Boolean) This field indicates whether the SSL/TLS certificate must be verified or not


## Import

The resource supports importing BIOS settings configuration from a server.
Current BIOS settings of a specific server can be obtained using the following endpoint:
- /redfish/v1/Systems/0/Bios

To import BIOS resource, the following syntax is expected to be used:
```shell
terraform import irmc-redfish_bios.bios "{\"id\":\"<odata id of the volume>\",\"username\":\"<username>\",\"password\":\"<password>\",\"endpoint\":\"<endpoint>\",\"ssl_insecure\":<true/false>}"
```

If import will be executed successfully, you should be able to list state of the imported resource.
The following state allowes you to have control over the resource using Terraform.
To modify resource e.g.: change an attribute property volume name, you should fill in resource terraform file and check with terraform apply if any differences
between state and plan are visible beside these ones which are requested.
